[Music]
Okay family what do we have here? Well, we have
a statement from Miad, okay, thank goodness
Fy did this because I
saw myself having to read so much
text, uh, having to read so much
text, let's let's react since we
were seeing what Dallas said the
other day, but anyway, please
wizard edit of the Foreskin Man song
but with Rick and phimosis. But
why do you like that nonsense so much, Your
Honor? You know that Dallas makes
18-year-old children sign confidentiality agreements? Does that
seem okay to you? Do you think it's ethical for the
news? The criminal court that gave the
sentence? Well, let's see. This is the text,
no. But she says: Apparently, Marlos
is not a sentient being, according to the
judge's assessment, he will not suffer from being
separated from his family, and since it seems that
the value of the animal is only economic, he
considers that at no time, uh,
can they compensate us with money?
Let's see, let's see, if I remember correctly, I'm
speaking from memory because these are things.
Look, I don't even do this on the
main channel, okay, maybe one
day like this.  Apparently for
justice Marl is not a living being but
yes yes if Marl were treated like an
object eh if Marl were treated like an
object okay the one with a price tag
wasn't it Miare who when she didn't want to
comply with the civil sentence offered something
financial Miare or her defense or whoever it
was okay or I mean there wasn't like there
wasn't like a notification to Dallas
at any of those moments when
the penalty hadn't yet been imposed I think it
was or the penalty had just been imposed in
which they told Dallas something like
Well I'll pay you a fine and that's it we'll
leave it here it seems to me it was something like that
no but oh well Anyway okay let's
see what it says in the text of
the news the criminal court that gave the
sentence that is currently
appealed and pending review by the
provincial court of Barcelona has
denied our opposition to the
provisional execution of the delivery of
our dog Marlos to Dallas review
this means that we have to
abandon our dog a
10 year old animal in the hands of a person who has
made videos laughingly talking about the
animals that have died in their
personal or family custody and it has  profited from
it in the hands of someone who hasn't
cared about making jokes about the death
of their pets And who has also made
fun of and ridiculed the
psychological condition and mental illness of a
member of our family mm ugh let's see
many things let's see many things here and
on the subject that Dallas has already the
subject of the animals of
Dallas' past that animals have been killed or
that animals have died in their hands and
all that stuff This look point number one
you can have committed any act
that you regret a decade
15 years ago okay that today it doesn't
represent you you had a different education
things were different than they are
now and it doesn't have to represent what
you do today that's the
first thing the second is that already That has been
more than denied we have already been
talking about it there is a clip of Miare herself
denying the dog thing the mange thing and the
chameleon thing has already been explained
too anyway it's not worth it I mean no no no it
's not an excuse not to return her
dog okay eh regarding what she's
saying about  that Dallas made fun of
the condition of a family member
if that's what I think eh the video was one
of the last ones we reacted to
for me he didn't make fun of the condition of
a family member that would have been
very strong for me what he made
ironic comments was the way of
alleging things I don't know I don't remember
To what extent Dallas talked about that topic
okay but apparently and I
also heard Pablo in his live talk about
this topic m but apparently let's see I
think that in the salsería I saw an
extract of Andy I don't know if Andy will have
said something that he will have fresher than
me but man for me he is not
making fun of the condition he is
making fun of the arguments they use
in court I mean if I'm not mistaken
That person went to testify something
that was not true look at the responses
to miare's statement XD d d d d
Why What's wrong with the answer tell me Don't
tell me to look at it it won't let me into
the salsería now yes no it won't let me
into the salsería Oh ffe it is  that I would swear that
in the salseria he sees a
clip of Andy that was about this subject
from the cell phone Yes from the cell phone yes
filter in the resolution that has been
dispatched for the denial to our
position of delivery and he tells us a lando
of cruelty of absolute cruelty sorry
but let's see what absolute cruelty
How absolute cruelty absolute cruelty of
yours to lie to steal and to continue
believing that
Yes man Yes there are people who yes let's see there are
people who are an eg a pass a lerl and
all that they will always support you But
well regarding the condition this
will be later no I believe that Dallas did not make
fun of anyone's condition only
missing or I mean I think that what he made
fun of was Eh well not even make fun
but make ironic comments about the
defense that was being made the
use no or the arguments that what
cannot be is to involve and the
first thing is that there are people for me there are
people who should not be
involved in this procedure is that
as long as we go with this story not with
this game of thrones that the lady
has set up on the internet no I am going to file
this complaint  Then I'm going to tell
Win Michu to file this complaint against
this YouTuber and the other YouTuber to
file this lawsuit so that the newspaper puts I do
n't know what for this so that
people believe me that this was a lie
I'm going to grab someone I'm going to tell him
No, that Game of Thrones works with people
like Electra Laser Len, those types of
people, but you've played it, you don't
understand me. So for me, no, no
one has made fun of
anyone's condition, all that was missing now, for me
there are people who should not be
involved in this procedure, it has
been, it took me down everything, it took
down whoever it is, for me, my
goal in life, which is an internet Game of
Thrones, a person who has
been convicted by the Supreme Court
for his defamation and
constant attacks on my father and who nevertheless
has publicly refused to comply with the
sentence because he believes or knows he has gone
unpunished and it is clear that they
want us to supposedly hand over this person
provisionally. Really, let's see,
Dallas may have been convicted by the
Supreme Court, by the
Constitutional Court, by the Court of  the aa
then for the UN okay And then for
the Star Wars tribunal a
civil procedure for insults has
absolutely nothing to do with the
dog thing okay the civil procedure for
insult which is in the end the things that they have
won I don't think they have won two
procedures mine and Dallas's not
on issues of insulting expressions okay I mean
that doesn't give you or take away your right
in absolutely anything the other day they
sent me a tweet saying it's not that the
la Antonia has agreed with me
the player No, she has agreed with you
that my expressions were insulting
okay without further ado it's more in that in that
lawsuit that Dallas loses Dallas had
said the same things about the wife of the
entire family but only the
father appears why Well because the mother doesn't
stop insulting us every day and
chasing us and accusing us on Twitter that's why
she no longer appears in the lawsuits
Okay well yes yes yes Dallas was
saying such a strong thing about the
family damn the whole
family should appear in the lawsuit no he doesn't appear
Only the father the one who is not in the media
okay Likewise Look at everything that
Dallas said  of the father and yet the father has
been condemned why is it because they have
kept the dog and because they have
falsified the chip and because my dog
disobeyed the sentence So what
what does this have to do with this statement no
how am I going to return the dog to a
person condemned by the
Supreme Court Well condemned by the
Supreme Court for insults for something that
has nothing to do with this I mean that no no no
is no excuse not to return
something that is his to our dog
Marlos despite knowing the enormous harm
and pain that the separation from his family
and his pack is going to cause to Marlos
and the judge that they put as a substitute of course Yes
yes it goes yes it makes me very
sorry for the dog look and I personally
what I would like would be for
an agreement to be reached so that things were
different and that they came to an
agreement pu Of course if you ah make
another statement here saying that he is an
animal abuser of minors and
a lot of people but how funny
licking Marlos still Yes but not at
all because then in the other and the other
day  they were challenging each other and they were
sharing things that
referred to the same dog this is already
nonsense Because still eh me and I
understand eh that they are having a bad time that it has to be
a bad time and that's why I
'm not even making videos on the
main channel but there is still that if
abuser that if this that if the
pedophile that if I don't know what you are not
able to stop the war yet to
try to calm the waters and
continue having a relationship with your dog
or I mean not even for that or I mean then I do
n't understand this this statement that is what it
is I complain that I don't like
how the judges have acted or the
decision that the judges have made And what
you don't like no no but abuser
but pedophile But this but the other thing
well nothing well this doesn't help eh It doesn't help
because the judge who gave the first
sentence had been partial in this
case finally causing its nullity
considers that there is no reason
to wait for the
provincial court to resolve the matter and decides to
provisionally execute a sentence
that is not final and that still has a
course  well that one who has a
track record let's see that one who has a
track record Yeah yeah of course and you're going to be at the
top your whole life but
anyway dude I mean Dallas is very
abusive Dallas very pedophile but
now I have Ah now I rub shoulders with him I rub
shoulders with eh with the raed who has those
audios not with the wife those audios that he
has pick up the [ __ ] phone for me
No raed no the other day he spent a
few hours insulting Lorena for her
physique in his live show okay Ricky Eddie
who is accused of an alleged crime
of gender violence we support him
because he's fighting with us we
don't believe that victim we send a
kiss to Tania who has the problem that
Tania has is that people have come out that she
has a husband who just got out
of jail or that he got out of jail he
was I don't know how many years in jail
for abusing a minor from 10
to 14 so Of course it doesn't
add up to me we are with Olivita very
aware poor Olivita I don't know what
later we  let's [ __ ] with Messi Berga who was
promoting his shady website
when the girl was 13 years old or younger no, I
mean
these are things that don't add up to me if we are aware of things we are aware of them you don't talk to a ra you talk to a Ricky with Tania Tania all my support that she doesn't have more ok remember that the provincial court already ruled in our favor once in this same process the
provincial court when it declared that the first
judge who gave the sentence invented
evidence and acted as the accusing party rather than a
judge not only that in the past the
court itself under the dictate of a
different judge dismissed
Daniel's request that the
dog be provisionally given to him since that
could imply a violation of the property
Let's see there was a trial in which they were
convicted there was a trial in which they were
convicted of a series of things and
after that conviction Dallas's
provisional execution was rejected the
provisional execution It is that they give him the
dog even if they are appealing for x
reason okay in that in that trial where
they were also convicted they convicted him  they also
sentenced him to more Dallas is
denied provisional execution what is
happening they appeal asking for
the trial to be annulled the trial is
annulled the sentence alleging
that the judge had made some comments
that were not biased but were biased
Okay so now another trial is held you
extend the time the
trial is held again they sentence them again but
this time they do allow
provisional execution So if you
annulled the other trial now don't tell me that
no but the other
judge did agree with me that there should be no
provisional execution Well
since every judge thinks one thing the other
judge sentenced you to more months in prison and
yet he did not agree with the
provisional execution it was of no use to you that
judge annulled it now this judge
sentences you Less but nevertheless he does
agree with the provisional execution
because he is seeing that you want to prolong
the dog so as not to hand it over So if
the judge is not valid and you annul it don't bring me
out now in a statement it's not that they
already agreed with me the other time with
the provisional execution Well
but it's that  you annulled it wasn't worth it to you, of
course it's not that justice I like it
when they condemn Alas because he
insulted my father and and when
justice I like it at this moment of
this sentence I like this point but this this
this I don't like the judges
the judges are not they are not
up to date the judges No man, of course you
like justice only
with the points in which it
benefits you, of course you're going to play
this game I rule out this game
and you're not going to find a judge
who's going to tell you yes Keep the dog,
the dog is not the same dog, the other
was a twin brother who got lost in
Badjo No man, you're not going to
find that, you're not going to find that
So what are you telling me now that
the other judge didn't want the
provisional execution if that judge wasn't worth it and you
annulled it, the one that is worth it is now what
happens because each judge wants it or not to
apply the law Well, it has a bit of
subjectivity, to me there was a judge who was a
magistrate and she was older than those of the
provincial court and there was a judge
who told me that  you saw that I had
done to Joan Plana no there was nothing to
violate the honor because I was
answering her that I was more in agreement
with that judge then other
gentlemen came to the provincial court who
said Well 0 euros but delete these
videos each judge has one, I mean we are
people In the end we are human but there is not going to
be any judge who is going to tell you
what you want to be with the animal
however now this substitute judge makes
a contrary assessment by determining
that he remove an adult dog from its
family environment where it has grown up and shared
life with an inseparable canine companion
that that dog should not have
lived that life there It is that that
dog should not have lived that life is
not going to have any negative impact
on the animal marlos is a 10 year old dog that
dog should not have lived
that life years with a family that
loves him that pampers him with the
appropriate veterinary care in addition the court has been
informed for months that
marlos has a sarcoma that is
being monitored and requires a
fixed and balanced environment even so all
this seems trivial to the substitute judge
since  love them this change of
life is to say leaving with a stranger
with a significant recognized history of animal abuse
Even in the
sentence that is now
provisionally executed you put it out of
term on top of everything eh with things What
the [ __ ] friend eh Do you really want to
trample on the [ __ ] law because you guys feel like
continuing to have a
stolen dog that I do not understand the
recoro Let's see, it is not stolen Exactly okay it
is misappropriation But well the
last resort of p that stealing is
something else in reality no [ __ ] Mao that the
provincial court already ruled in our
favor once but well it is in a
colloquial way in that same process
when it declared that the first judge who
issued the sentence invented evidence and
acted as the accusing party rather than a
judge not only that my mother my mother
in the past the court itself under the
dictate of a different judge denied
Daniel's request that the
dog be provisionally given to him wait he is
reading the same thing balls and it is not known
where It seems that it is not going to affect him and  we
infer with these conclusions that
if it affects him, screw him, he's just
a dog. No man, no no,
screw him. It's not that the dog shouldn't have
lived that life, it's that the dog should have been
returned in 2017, which
is expensive, because
since I didn't return it, I changed its chip, well, that's it. How did I change its chip? Well, now how are you going to change its life? No, that's how it is understood without any kind of filter in the
resolution that has been dispatched for the
denial of our opposition to
delivery and it tells us in an act of
absolute cruelty that if the
provincial court ruled in our favor and
the situation arose in which Dalas
had to return our dog to us
and nevertheless the return will not be
executed, it will not have greater importance
because they will compensate us financially,
like Lois, they will pay us a sum of
money and that, from this point of view,
will replace the pain and the amount of
money will be paid in the sense that,
well, you see here, okay, I don't know what else it says,
eh, the amount of money is in the case that
now in another instance  I won
clearly that's not it I don't see it as very
possible no there's not much possibility it
's absurd not to even think about it no
but well you know what the best thing
about this would be to drop the subject of
attacking him calling him an abuser calling him a
pedophile And the thing is that they are trying they are
trying to complain that they don't want to
get to this moment that I don't understand at
what moment they didn't expect this
moment to arrive but they continue with their
stories and that if abusers that no that
is a story that one person the one who
had the idea has made a story
and has had some ideas taking
over involving everyone kiki What is that
in this story
even wismichu has been ruined who was one of the
main creators that there was okay And we are
still continuing we are still
putting this we are still continuing the
abuser the I don't know what Dallas is not
convicted of abuse of any kind or
the minors that We were already
talking How it was it didn't make sense
either the trial of the
gender violence one It was not considered that it was
gender violence that they put a
tweet on you that they put I don't know what  okay not even
if they make a video of you and and and no and there is no
animal abuse the
whistleblowing conversations are not worth it, expert opinion is not worth it, we have already
seen many expert opinions, there was an expert opinion
that said that the dog was not
the same V, expert opinions are not worth it, this expert opinion is not worth it, it's
useless that's your
story, your word against the other's, it doesn't matter, okay
And it's a lie that the sentence, the sentence
says, well, he is an
abuser but even if he is an
abuser, we give him the dog. No man,
no. I mean, that doesn't make any sense, I
mean, no judge says, no, it's not that this is
an abuser but I have to give him the
dog because his man is there. No man, it's not
happening, don't believe your story without
further ado, don't sell it any other way, bu there it's
been all day, that I understand, eh, I
mean, I haven't been making videos on
the main channel or anything because I
understand that they are having a hard time,
I'm not saying that they are not having a hard time and all that
stuff, but these are not the ways to calm
the waters, damn, they left the story
trying, I don't know how to build a bridge,
things are already very complicated, things are
already very  complicated but these are
decisions and things that have been made that
I don't understand this is incredible it is not
answered since it is answered to the cane
tillero okay this is so tremendous this
cloth this cloth eh without going any further
tomorrow a complaint will be filed for
false testimony from one of the Witnesses we will
go as far as necessary to
demonstrate that our
rights have been trampled on and that they have ignored the
animal welfare law for the ver Yes
surely the
rights of the V have surely not and then the
issue of the complaint of false
testimony that I understand that let's see there is no
other T no or rather the witnesses of Dallas
were Who were the witnesses of
Dallas apart from apart from I don't
remember if there was another witness in that
procedure the truth from memory
Maybe I'm screwing up but Who has
made false testimony nobody has made
false testimony you Javi you let's see I
take it as alluded to But because the lady has
already done it many times, I mean she has been saying
since before the trial that she was
going to report me for false testimony, I
mean when there were no threats with
personal matters it started  with the threats of I'm
going to file 800 lawsuits against you, I'm going to file I do
n't know how many lawsuits against you,
trying to get me not to testify, I didn't
show up to testify in this
procedure, what happened to me was
that they did a series of things to me and I
exploded in some videos and when I
told a few things in some videos,
Dallas and the lawyer called me to
testify. I mean, they notified me
directly that I was a witness and I
had to go and tell the truth. But what
false testimony? Put whatever you want and
spend your whole life making mistakes
as far as you want, okay, but
false testimony, nobody has made false
testimony. I mean, well, nobody on Dallas's behalf
has made false testimony. What
the sentence said was that they were going to
persecute the Witnesses, but as for
yours, nobody has made false
testimony. My testimony was based on
some conversations and some audio recordings
uploaded to the court. No, no, it's not like he's been
saying false testimony for a few years now,
no, there is no false
testimony. I told the truth and apart from
the conversations, there were a series
of things that  They started asking me
questions that I answered from
memory and if I answered anything
inaccurate it is not important or up to date
in the procedure but I do not believe it
because I remember things just as I
told them okay [ __ ] look if you are not
lying that I even told the truth about
the relationship that we have that
these people go around telling these
youtubers that they talk to that
Dallas and I lie about whether we are
friends no Dallas and I are not friends
we have a good relationship a
cordiality here on the internet problems
that they did in the past are
public domain it hides from us that we get along
okay I would not lie for anyone on the
internet in a court nor have I done so and
there when they asked me I
said I have this relationship with these people
and with this man I have this
relationship without more I would have liked
not to go not to be a witness anywhere
or be involved in anything that is an
issue that does not concern me man if you
ask my opinion what I would like
would be for justice to be done what is fair
but that it affects me or me
benefit in some way No, for me, going as a
witness in this cost me a lawsuit,
two lawsuits, no, they filed two
lawsuits against me for insults, okay, but
lying, false testimony, nobody has done,
absolutely nobody, continue with your
story, continue with your story and continue, continue like this
all your life, eh No, but
the story, I know where it goes, this is a
story that are the ideas that she has,
the false testimony, let's see if I say this,
give us the possibility that the
trial is going to be annulled again, it's not worth it.
No, nobody, nobody, on this side said
any lies, okay. In fact, what
the sentence says is that they are going to persecute
other testimonies, not mine, that you had to
get into these problems, Javi, they
have nothing to do with you, but no, no. But
the lady, every day, every
day with me, if we are going to have to
sue her, it is every day to
accuse her. I
said to Dala. Make me a witness in this
trial, you understand, but let her do what she
sees, if she is not going to stop in life, it
is something that no longer has a solution,
that person's situation is one, that these
people's situation is something, aa, she is the one who  She's in
charge and she's the one
getting everyone into this mess
and she's not letting her do what she wants. I'm very
calm, yes, I'm very
calm, yes, there are no
lies or false statements
on this side, no, Karime, but it's not
normal anymore, it's not normal, okay, eh. As it
's not normal, well, there's no difference at
all, the lady between a canine Javiel and
a wig Javier and these things, there's no
difference, the attitude on social media is no
difference, okay, eh. Javi the canine, okay,
in 2020, Fran cua already knew that they could
arrest him if they found certain species
in his sanctuary because he didn't have
licenses to have them there, okay,
listen to that, well, you know that he's been
working against
illegal animal trafficking for a long time and well, there have
been a few weeks in which we
touched bones that we shouldn't have
touched, as always, it's been many years now and you don't
know who you can or ca
n't with, no, and a
time has come in which, well, the
situation has become, has become
quite difficult. What does this mean and
how does this transform? Well, it
transforms into a situation where they give you the option to  and
option B It's not that now Dallas will answer him, he
will answer him and he won't like the
answer, do you understand why? Because
the plan that he already had doesn't work out, the great
idea that she had of manipulating here,
manipulating there. Well, it's not going to work out,
no, absurd, okay, and here I told
the canine, I say, well, you explain to me how Fran has been breaking the law in the sanctuary since 2020 when the sanctuary lands were purchased in 2021, you idiot, you're going to hit him. And they're still going to give you more likes than you would have because when I answer on TT
about a bad guy there are people who give it like it
is against Javi. Let's
give it a like, I mean, suddenly I answer on TT to javil, canine, javil, wig or whatever they're putting on an Idiot and and the sick audience is going to give it a like to see if he gets a blow in the mouth
and look, hiding comments that he
is, look, look, hiding comments about
the double chin, look what hurts him, look what they
tell him  pringa hurts look look at my
little dog [ __ ] you [ __ ] they caught you he's
hiding Look he's hiding all the
comments Oh yes you have to be very
stupid look there you have it no there
you have the canine Adi shrill Adi shrill
[Music]